How are you taking it?
I don't accept it.
What do women lose?
You are just relying on the number of people
You and me alone
If you win, I will obey you.
I'm still stubborn when I'm about to die
Well, tell me.
How can it be better than being accompanied at any time?
that
It's very simple, you find your subordinates
I'm looking for my men
An apple on your head
You and I each have darts
Anyone who is afraid halfway through
So what if you lose?
So what if you win?
Win or lose
I lost, you reset.
If you lose
Not only to let go
You have to get on your knees and apologize to us
Interesting, come on then
how
If you are afraid, you can admit defeat.
Wasn't the bitch very arrogant just now?
It seems my brother-in-law is right
It's about crowds.
If you really want to die
You don't dare
I don't send darts.
I like apples.
Qinghong, come and rob
If Li Hui is brave enough, he will be like me
Dare you to die
Come is come, you come to play